How dare you come here
Ye Tiancheng
Why are you here?
Ye Tiancheng really came
This company must not be acquired by Ye Tiancheng
You're not here to buy this company, are you?
I really thought I had that billion
Enter high society
You don't care what I do
Then let's take a good look.
Ye Shao, you are here
You know what I'm here for?
Received notice this morning
Said there was a big man coming to buy our company
I guessed it was you.
Then hurry up and call your president over
You are not qualified to call him
Call us Mr. Wang
Do you see it?
You are not a stinker in high society
Migrant workers can get in with a few stinky money
You have to have face
Song Yang
If I were you
I took the money and went abroad
Your money as Young Master Yan is so easy to earn
My dad's not leaving
My dad is going to beat you all
Hahaha beat me
Song Yang, what are you daydreaming about?
Lijia took care of the lottery for you
Do you think someone will still protect you today?
What do you mean?
What are you still doing?
Throw him out for me
Stop